Content: Node port (#459)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: content/en/servers/blocks/crud-2/index.md

+++
title = 'CRUD Again'
headless = true
time = 10
facilitation = false
emoji= '🧩'
[objectives]
    1='Define CRUD'
+++

We are building a CRUD API. CRUD stands for **C**reate, **R**etrieve, **U**pdate, **D**elete. If you think about it, this is what most applications do:

✨ **C**reate some "resources"
🐕 **R**etrieve them (GET them)
📨 **U**pdate them
🗑️ **D**elete them

### 🎯 Goal

> Our API will manage movie data. It will:
> 
> ✨ **C**reate a new movie,
> 🐕 **R**etrieve a list of movies or a single movie
> 📨 **U**pdate a movie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we'll focus on updating resources. We'll make a server that provides an API for managing movie data. Previously we built an API that will:

✨ **C**reate a new movie,
🐕 **R**etrieve a list of movies or a single movie

Now we'll extend this to also:

📨 **U**pdate a movie
```
